MCIP Draft - increase memo size (#24)
mobilecoinfoundation/mcips: text/0003-encrypted-memos.md

- RFC PR: [mobilecoinfoundation/mcips#3](https://github.com/mobilecoinfoundation/mcips/pull/3)
- MobileCoin Epic: None

> This MCIP describes a memo which has had its size adjusted from 46 to 66 in MCIP #24 

Reviewer: Consider linking to the MCIP

```suggestion
This MCIP describes a memo which has had its size adjusted from 46 to 66 in [MCIP #24](0024-increase-memo-field-size.md)
```

Author: @jcape I'm actually not sure why you asked me to remove the link. Do you mind clarifying this?

Author: This appears unnecessary since the #24 seems to automatically link it.

> *Note:* This MCIP describes a memo which has had its size adjusted from 46 to 66 in [MCIP #24](). The changed byte tables are reflected there. 

Reviewer: Nit: Remove empty link
```suggestion
*Note:* This MCIP describes a memo which has had its size adjusted from 46 to 66 in MCIP #24. The changed byte tables are reflected there. 
```

> This MPIC describes a memo which has had its size adjusted from 46 to 66 in a [later mcip](https://github.com/mobilecoinfoundation/mcips/pull/24) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This MCIP describes a memo which has had its size adjusted from 46 to 66 in MCIP #24 
```

The release that makes memos mandatory will result in a new MRENCLAVE value for consensus, but not a new
`BLOCK_VERSION` as it is not a breaking change to the ledger format.

> *Note:* This MCIP describes a memo which has had its size adjusted from 46 to 66 in [MCIP #24](). The changed byte tables are available [here](0024-increase-memo-field-size.md#this-is-an-update-to-the-values-from-3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note:* This MCIP describes a memo which has had its size adjusted from 46 to 66 in MCIP #24. That [MCIP lists the changed byte tables](0024-increase-memo-field-size.md#this-is-an-update-to-the-values-from-3).
```
